c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\RipBOT.exe.config
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\RipBOT.exe
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\RipBOT.pdb
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\obj\Debug\RipBOT.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\obj\Debug\RipBOT.exe
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\obj\Debug\RipBOT.pdb
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.dll
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.dll
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.pdb
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.pdb
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.xml
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Zlib.Portable.xml
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Json.dll
c:\Users\sh0tyz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RipBOT\RipBOT\bin\Debug\Json.pdb
